P3914R0 Assorted NB comment resolutions for Kona 2025 (#8527)
cplusplus/draft: source/meta.tex

consteval info @\libglobal{unwrap_ref_decay}@(info type);
\end{codeblock}

\pnum
For a function or function template $F$ defined in this subclause,
let $C$ be its associated class template.
For the evaluation of a call to $F$,
let $S$ be the specialization of $C$ in terms of which the call is specified.
\begin{itemize}
\item
  If
  \begin{itemize}
  \item
    the template arguments of $S$ violate a condition specified
    in a \Fundescx{Mandates} element in the specification of $C$;
  \item
    the call is specified to produce a reflection of a type,
    but $S$ would have no member named \tcode{type}; or
  \item
    the call is specified to return \tcode{$S$::value},

>     but that expression is not a valid converted constant expression of type \tcode{R},

Reviewer: The paper uses the indicative here, but on re-reading I think I meant to use the subjunctive just like the previous item, to avoid suggesting that `S::value` needs to be evaluated:

```suggestion
    but that expression would not be a valid converted constant expression of type \tcode{R},
```
